♪ You guys are all the same ♪
♪ Cheap macho men ♪
♪ Bunch of unfaithful fools ♪
♪ So effing predictible ♪
♪ I'm not even sure
you deserve me ♪
♪ You lucked out that we love you ♪
♪ Go on, go on, thank me ♪
♪ The date is fixed
for the next rumble ♪
♪ Save the date, the definite date,
that time of the month ♪
♪ I swear that's it,
that was the last time ♪
♪ You can say
I'm just throwing a fit ♪
♪ Take a last look at my ass ♪
♪ Ready to walk out
with my suitcase ♪
♪ Say goodbye to your mommy ♪
♪ Who puts you up there
on a pedestal ♪
♪ You've no idea
what you're losing ♪
♪ Believe me, it'll be worse
with anyone else ♪
♪ What, you wanna break up now ♪
♪ You got it all wrong ♪
♪ I was only saying that
to get a reaction ♪
♪ And you were actually
thinking of doing it ♪
♪ The date is fixed
for the next rumble ♪
♪ Save the date, the definite date,
that time of the month ♪
♪ It's easy to say
that I'm full of it ♪
♪ That I'm full of
blah blah blah ♪
♪ Come on - it's important ♪
♪ What you call 'girl shit' ♪
♪ It's life, it's kids ♪
♪ And as per usual,
it's never the right time ♪
♪ Yeah, I can count on you
for making out and all ♪
♪ But you're not there
for the rest, for me, for the kids ♪
♪ Yeah, and when my beauty fades ♪
♪ Well, at least the God-given part ♪
♪ Stop, I know you're lying ♪
♪ Only Kate Moss
can make the grade ♪
♪ Ugly or beastly,
it ain't right ♪
♪ Beauty or Beast,
♪ Beauty or me,
it ain't right ♪
♪ Me or her,
it still ain't right ♪
♪ The date is fixed
for the next rumble ♪
♪ Save the date, the definite date,
that time of the month ♪
♪ All the same, all the same,
all the same and we're fed up ♪
♪ All the same,
all the same, all the same ♪♪